adding Java code (#721)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-2/getting-started/fast-feedback-with-the-simulator/fast-feedback-with-the-simulator.md

## Using Simulator

> Simulator is designed to be used within a normal Java or Kotlin testing framework. In this documentation, we describe using JUnit. [MyFirstFlow](../first-flow.html) has a corresponding test class `MyFirstFlowTest` that demonstrates how to use Simulator. This file is in `/src/test/kotlin/com.r3.developers.csdetemplate.MyFirstFlowTest.kt` or `/src/test/java/com.r3.developers.csdetemplate.MyFirstFlowTest.java` in the [CSDE](../cordapp-standard-development-environment/csde.html) template repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulator is designed to be used within a normal Java or Kotlin testing framework. In this documentation, you can learn how to use JUnit. [MyFirstFlow](../first-flow.html) has a corresponding test class `MyFirstFlowTest` that demonstrates how to use Simulator. This file is in `/src/test/kotlin/com.r3.developers.csdetemplate.MyFirstFlowTest.kt` or `/src/test/java/com.r3.developers.csdetemplate.MyFirstFlowTest.java` in the [CSDE](../cordapp-standard-development-environment/csde.html) template repository.
```

Author: Changed to "This documentation describes using JUnit"

    }
}
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Java" %}}
```java
package com.r3.developers.csdetemplate;

import net.corda.simulator.HoldingIdentity;
import net.corda.simulator.RequestData;
import net.corda.simulator.SimulatedVirtualNode;
import net.corda.simulator.Simulator;
import net.corda.v5.base.types.MemberX500Name;
import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

class MyFirstFlowTest {

>     // Names picked to match the corda network in config/dev-net.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Names picked to match the Corda network in config/dev-net.json
```

    private MemberX500Name aliceX500 = MemberX500Name.parse("CN=Alice, OU=Test Dept, O=R3, L=London, C=GB");
    private MemberX500Name bobX500 = MemberX500Name.parse("CN=Bob, OU=Test Dept, O=R3, L=London, C=GB");

    @Test
    @SuppressWarnings("unchecked")
    public void test_that_MyFirstFLow_returns_correct_message() {
        // Instantiate an instance of the Simulator
        Simulator simulator = new Simulator();

>         // Create Alice's and Bob HoldingIDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Create Alice's and Bob's Holding IDs
```

        HoldingIdentity aliceHoldingID = HoldingIdentity.Companion.create(aliceX500);
        HoldingIdentity bobHoldingID = HoldingIdentity.Companion.create(bobX500);

>         // Create Alice and Bob's virtual nodes, including the Class's of the flows which will be registered on each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Create Alice's and Bob's virtual nodes, including the classes of the flows which will be registered on each node
```

>         // We don't assign Bob's virtual node to a variable because we don't need it for this particular test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // We don't assign Bob's virtual node to a variable because we don't need it for this particular test
```

        SimulatedVirtualNode aliceVN = simulator.createVirtualNode(aliceHoldingID, MyFirstFlow.class);
        simulator.createVirtualNode(bobHoldingID, MyFirstFlowResponder.class);

        // Create an instance of the MyFirstFlowStartArgs which contains the request arguments for starting the flow
        MyFirstFlowStartArgs myFirstFlowStartArgs = new MyFirstFlowStartArgs(bobX500);

        // Create a requestData object
        RequestData requestData = RequestData.Companion.create(
                "request no 1",        // A unique reference for the instance of the flow request
                MyFirstFlow.class,              // The name of the flow class which is to be started
                myFirstFlowStartArgs            // The object which contains the start arguments of the flow
        );

>         // Call the Flow on Alice's virtual node and capture the response from the flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Call the flow on Alice's virtual node and capture the response from the flow
```

        String flowResponse = aliceVN.callFlow(requestData);

        // Check that the flow has returned the expected string
        assert(flowResponse.equals("Hello Alice, best wishes from Bob"));
    }
}
```

> {{% /tab %}}

Author: @yarivus for the overview section, I have both displayed in tabs. In the lower sections that describe the code in more detail, Java and Kotlin are on separate pages.

> {{% /tab %}}

Reviewer 2: thanks for clarifying @ceebee-dev / @nadinequinr3
